Integration Tests for Pypi Artifact Controller (#59)
strongbox/strongbox-web-integration-tests: pypi/src/it/common-flows/pip-dependent-package-upload-test/README.md

> This is an integration test to test the Strongbox artifact repository manager with pip to upload/install/download artifact.                                         

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an integration test for `pip` which covers upload/install/download artifacts to/from the Strongbox artifact repository manager.
```

Author: Noted.
